SERVER

WSA_INVALID_HANDLE
6
Specified event object handle is invalid.
An application attempts to use an event object, but the specified handle is not valid. Note that this error is returned by the operating system, so the error number may change in future releases of Windows.
WSA_NOT_ENOUGH_MEMORY
8
Insufficient memory available.
An application used a Windows Sockets function that directly maps to a Windows function. The Windows function is indicating a lack of required memory resources. Note that this error is returned by the operating system, so the error number may change in future releases of Windows.
WSA_INVALID_PARAMETER
87
One or more parameters are invalid.
An application used a Windows Sockets function which directly maps to a Windows function. The Windows function is indicating a problem with one or more parameters. Note that this error is returned by the operating system, so the error number may change in future releases of Windows.
WSA_OPERATION_ABORTED
995
Overlapped operation aborted.
An overlapped operation was canceled due to the closure of the socket, or the execution of the SIO_FLUSH command in WSAIoctl. Note that this error is returned by the operating system, so the error number may change in futurWSA_IO_INCOMPLETE
996
Overlapped I/O event object not in signaled state.
The application has tried to determine the status of an overlapped operation which is not yet completed. Applications that use WSAGetOverlappedResult (with the fWait flag set to FALSE) in a polling mode to determine when an overlapped operation has completed, get this error code until the operation is complete. Note that this error is returned by the operating system, so the error number may change in future releases of Windows.
WSA_IO_PENDING
997
Overlapped operations will complete later.
The application has initiated an overlapped operation that cannot be completed immediately. 
The application has initiated an overlapped operation that cannot be complet